everybody I'm over today we went to
normal I got some awesome food give it a
new stuff we got spongebob toys are
finally here a karate spongebob
symbolizes just move this shiny bubonic
was it doesn't it right now adder good
they always the same here the karate
mode it's like you know example got me
mercury I don't know I see you Lu and he
was like oh yeah it works it's much
going on the planet for home is still in
the bag boys like that so we have
special guest star Nico oh yes that is
more toys are here at mcdonalds of the
year I love I see toy sir now they're
made to move all yeah yeah you avoid
that conflict by not going inside I so
it sounds our happiness oh you to get
those
can I before you take sharpening yeah
these toys are also yeah I love it so my
favorite is got to be the skateboard one
it goes zoom kind of zoom from Annoying
Orange yeah are you excited this far out
toys are here what's the comic blue too
and don't get anger management and get
well various